pii_cleaned_message    Hi Ceny, I see you've viewed several quotes. Are there any questions or concerns I can address for you? I really think I can create something great for you, and I know you'll be happy with the finished result. [PERSON_NAME], thanks for reaching out! I guess I'm most curious as to how you hold your consultations. Do you hold them remotely or in person? Also, are you available on weekdays during the afternoon, after 4 PM EST, or on weekends? I'm usually in different cities/states then my clients so most of my consultations are remote via telephone. I am certainly available anytime in the afternoon or on weekends. You can reach me anytime by phone or text at [PHONE_NUMBER]. Let me know if you'd like to move forward and we can set something up. I look forward to hearing from you. Hey [PERSON_NAME] if I don't respond please shoot me a text so I can call you back immediately. I have terrible service here and sometimes calls do not come through. Thanks. Hey Ceny I'm available anytime this afternoon/evening. Looking forward to speaking with you. Hi, [PERSON_NAME]! Let's chat on Thursday at 4:30 PM EST, if that works for you. Let me know! Yes that's fine. Can you send me your number please? It's easier for me to step out of the office and call you. Sure! My number is [PHONE_NUMBER]. I will send over a copy of my current resume before our call for your review as well. If you'd like, send me a copy of your resume so I can take a look at it and be prepared to discuss what I think we should do  Great minds think alike [PERSON_NAME]! Thanks, looking forward to our conversation. [PERSON_NAME], I'm sending over a copy of my resume in preparation for Thursday's call. Speak to you then! Hi [PERSON_NAME], I'm sending over an updated copy of my resume. Per our conversation, I updated the title that I had at Delta Media and I included some info about my internship on the second page. Thank you [PERSON_NAME], we'll talk again on Wednesday 
